README.md, before:

# openhomelab
OpenHomeLab is a collection of kubernetes objects (yaml files) for use in setting a home lab
## Deploy
Execute kubectl apply -f against the directory you wish to deploy.  For example:
```shell script
kubectl apply -f sonarr
```
Would deploy Sonarr to your Kubernetes cluster...
## Applications
Each folder contains a set of yaml files to deploy the application to a Kubernetes cluster.

Application | Description | Website
------------ | ------------- | -------------
ciao | Private and public HTTP(S) monitoring | https://brotandgames.com/ciao/
cyberchef | The cyber swiss army knife | https://gchq.github.io/cyberchef
homeassistant | Open source home automation | https://www.home-assistant.io/ 
homer | A very simple static homepage for your server | https://github.com/bastienwirtz/homer
huggin | Create agents that monitor and act on your behalf | https://github.com/huginn/huginn
jackett | API support for your favorite torrent trackers | https://github.com/Jackett/Jackett
jellyfin | The free software media system | https://jellyfin.org/
komga | Media server for comics/mangas/BDs with API and OPDS support | https://komga.org/
lazylibrarian | Follow authors and grab metadata for all your digital reading needs | https://github.com/lazylibrarian/LazyLibrarian
monitorr | Monitors the status of local and remote network services, websites, and applications | https://github.com/Monitorr/Monitorr
mylar | An automated Comic Book downloader (cbr/cbz) for use with SABnzbd, NZBGet and torrents | https://github.com/evilhero/mylar
observium | Network monitoring platform | https://www.observium.org/
phpservermon | PHP server monitor | http://www.phpservermonitor.org/
readarr | Book, magazine, comics eBook and audiobook manager (Sonarr for eBooks) | http://readarr.com/
smokeping | Smokeping keeps track of your network latency | https://github.com/linuxserver/docker-smokeping
sonarr | Smart PVR for newsgroup and bittorrent users | https://sonarr.tv/
transmission | BitTorrent client | https://transmissionbt.com/
ubooquity | Home server for your comics and ebooks | https://github.com/linuxserver/docker-ubooquity
vscode | VS Code running on a remote server, accessible through the browser | https://github.com/linuxserver/docker-code-server
wallabag | Self hosted application for saving web pages | https://wallabag.org/
wekan | The open-source kanban (built with Meteor) | https://wekan.github.io/

Commit message:

Initial commit of Snipe-IT files

README.md, after:

# openhomelab
OpenHomeLab is a collection of kubernetes objects (yaml files) for use in setting a home lab
## Deploy
Execute kubectl apply -f against the directory you wish to deploy.  For example:
```shell script
kubectl apply -f sonarr
```
Would deploy Sonarr to your Kubernetes cluster...
## Applications
Each folder contains a set of yaml files to deploy the application to a Kubernetes cluster.

Application | Description | Website
------------ | ------------- | -------------
ciao | Private and public HTTP(S) monitoring | https://brotandgames.com/ciao/
cyberchef | The cyber swiss army knife | https://gchq.github.io/cyberchef
homeassistant | Open source home automation | https://www.home-assistant.io/ 
homer | A very simple static homepage for your server | https://github.com/bastienwirtz/homer
huggin | Create agents that monitor and act on your behalf | https://github.com/huginn/huginn
jackett | API support for your favorite torrent trackers | https://github.com/Jackett/Jackett
jellyfin | The free software media system | https://jellyfin.org/
komga | Media server for comics/mangas/BDs with API and OPDS support | https://komga.org/
lazylibrarian | Follow authors and grab metadata for all your digital reading needs | https://github.com/lazylibrarian/LazyLibrarian
monitorr | Monitors the status of local and remote network services, websites, and applications | https://github.com/Monitorr/Monitorr
mylar | An automated Comic Book downloader (cbr/cbz) for use with SABnzbd, NZBGet and torrents | https://github.com/evilhero/mylar
observium | Network monitoring platform | https://www.observium.org/
phpservermon | PHP server monitor | http://www.phpservermonitor.org/
readarr | Book, magazine, comics eBook and audiobook manager (Sonarr for eBooks) | http://readarr.com/
smokeping | Smokeping keeps track of your network latency | https://github.com/linuxserver/docker-smokeping
sonarr | Smart PVR for newsgroup and bittorrent users | https://sonarr.tv/
snipe-it | Free and open source IT asset management | https://github.com/snipe/snipe-it
transmission | BitTorrent client | https://transmissionbt.com/
ubooquity | Home server for your comics and ebooks | https://github.com/linuxserver/docker-ubooquity
vscode | VS Code running on a remote server, accessible through the browser | https://github.com/linuxserver/docker-code-server
wallabag | Self hosted application for saving web pages | https://wallabag.org/
wekan | The open-source kanban (built with Meteor) | https://wekan.github.io/
